In the kingdom of The Dawn, very sunny. Grass bright green and sky bright blue. The trees were full of leaves. People roam around the streets buying food and other clothes, lies a guild named White Claw, full of powerful wizards. A young wizard named Rin dreams of entering the guild someday. She is a tall 16-year-old girl, probably 5ft 6. She has long brown hair with blonde highlights at the top almost like a brunet. She normally wears a white skirt with a black belt and with an oversized gray sweater.  She also wears dark gray heeled boots with laces. She is pale-skinned and has dark brown eyes. Nice pink lips,  very kind and soft-spoken but can get angry easily. She also has a ponytail hanging off her left side . Her magical power is Angle. This power is used to heal the wounded and have the strength and power of a god. Kinda fitting for her personality. Suddenly, a huge commotion from the heart of the village nearly shook the entire area. Five members of each guild came to the arena in the middle of the kingdom to challenge each other in a wizard match, to see which guild is the strongest. The arena is a massive ring-shaped place. It is always full of people who come to see the amazing fights between guilds. This only happens when the Celestial Games  are around the corner, to see how much each guild needs to train. One of White Claw’s biggest rivals is none other than the greatest guild of all, Dark Claw. Dark Claw is a brethren guild to White claw. The guild master of Dark and White Claw are brothers so initially their guilds wanted to see which brother will out strengthen the next. White Claw showed some signs of difficulty with the match, but sadly lost to Dark Claw once again. After the great defeat, everyone was pretty beat. As the team continues to walk back to the guild, one member, Soma,  a tall 16-year-old boy, probably  5ft 10, has black wavy hair. He wears a black t-shirt with a no sleeve white thin jacket and white shorts with a length down to his knees. Soma has light brown eyes and also wears black slippers.

His magical power is the 4 elements, which means he can use the 4 different natural elements, Water, Fire, Earth, and Wind.  who just so happens to bump into Rin. After talking for a while, she mentions that she wanted to join the White Claw guild. Then Soma said, “well then, let's go! ”. Grabbing her by the arm and running towards the guild. Rin was happy and shocked, yet excited. As soon as they entered the guild, chaos approached, but everyone was like family. A guild is a place full of people. When they walked in Rin’s eyes drawn to the wooden walls, colourful banners and a giant bulletin board full of job requests. There is also a bar table far back where people chat and have a cup to drink and eat delicious meals. It is full of energy, not one day goes by without someone breaking something in the guide. “LOOK SOMA! Mira just put the White Claw symbol on my right arm. I'm an official member now.” Rin shouted. Nejire is a tall 18-year-old girl with long light brown hair with blue highlights. Her magical power is enhancement. This magical power is used to make useless looking objects stronger to use in battle. She has black eyes and pink lips. She wears a white skater dress with black heeled boots. Her personality is kind-hearted, cares deeply for her friends and is very close to everyone in the guild. That is where most of them grow up. Tamaki, the average-sized 17-year-old boy. He has dark blue hair and dark brown eyes with dark blue accents. He is kind and strong. He is also best friends with Negire and Soma. They have been together since they joined the guild. He is always cold no matter what the season is. He is also quite shy and quiet. His magical power is Eye in the future. This power can tell the outcome of a fight that they happen to get into, he’ll also know how to defeat the opponent. A pretty useful power if I do say so myself. Those are the other members of team Soma. The friendship between them is picking fights with each other almost all the time. Like cats and dogs. Yet they are the best of friends. Sometimes Nejire has to break up the fight between Soma and Tamaki. You could call them the trio of trouble. When they fight with each other Nejire always is the victor. Yet they are the strongest team in the history of the White claw. No one can beat them. You could say that they are like siblings. They're looking for a new quest to go on and train for an upcoming Celestial Games . The master of the guild, an old man in his 90's, pretty short, very strong. Has white hair, blue eyes and a white beard. His magical power is super strength. Quite suitable for a guild master, told Rin to tag along with team Soma to see what a guild does. “I got one.” Said Soma. The request to hunt an S class monster for 600, 000 000￥.
